chore (refs T34979): add DpEditor to Storybook. (#567)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/core/DpEditor/DpEditor.stories.mdx

# Editor

The Editor component renders a rich text editor consisting of a menu bar supporting common editor interactions and a text field.

> To use image upload we need to add imageButton optional Prop, and when using `imageButton` Prop, you have to set also
> `routes.getFileByHash` Prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading images can be enabled via the imageButton prop. When using `imageButton`, the `routes.getFileByHash` prop must be set to an existing route which returns a file by its hash (see second example).
.
```

> To use another component within DpEditor, we can add Slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slot `button` can be used to add additional buttons to the toolbar. The slot `modal` can be used to add a modal component to DpEditor. The function `handleInsertText` is exposed to the `modal` slot to enable the modal component to add text to the editor instance.
```

## Default usage

```html
<dp-editor
    :value="value"
    ref="r_links">
</dp-editor>
```

## Custom usage

```html
<dp-editor
    :toolbar-items="{
        fullscreenButton: true,
        insertAndDelete: true,
        table: true,
        headings: [2,3,4],
        imageButton: true,
        linkButton: true,
        strikethrough: true
    }"
    :routes="{
        getFileByHash: (hash) => RoutingFunction(hash)
    }"
    :value="value">

>     <template v-slot:modal="modalProps">
>         <dp-modal
>           id="openModal"
>           ref="openModal">
>           Add an component
>         </dp-modal>
>     </template>

Reviewer: Well, if we really want to document this case here, we'd have to show it all, including the usage of `handleInsertText` exposed by DpEditor, and the button which triggers the modal.

```suggestion
    <template v-slot:modal="modalProps">
        <dp-modal
            id="editorModal"
            ref="editorModal"
            @insert="text => modalProps.handleInsertText(textFromParentComponent)">
            Add an component
        </dp-modal>
    </template>
    <template v-slot:button>
        <dp-button
              :text="Add Text"
              variant="subtle"
              @click.stop="openEditorModal" />
    </template>
```

# Editor

The Editor component renders a rich text editor consisting of a menu bar supporting common editor interactions and a text field.

Uploading images can be enabled via the imageButton prop. When using `imageButton`,
the `routes.getFileByHash` prop must be set to an existing route which returns a file by its hash (see second example).

The slot `button` can be used to add additional buttons to the toolbar.

The slot `modal` can be used to add a modal component to DpEditor.

The function `handleInsertText` is exposed to the `modal` slot to enable the modal component to add text to the editor instance.

## Default usage

```html
<dp-editor

>     :value="value"

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/55c3ae63b443d85b1ea29de3ed94bf27d8193438

A rich text editor component based on tiptap.

- defines a menubar with a number of buttons and an editor

To properly set the content we have to update this.currentValue and use editor.setContent() - both actions are needed!

> To use image upload we need to add imageButton optional Prop.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/e6899199500bcb6290964231adf96b76dfe2a5b4
Sorry, wrong commit naming

> To use another component within DpEditor, we can add Slot named modal.

Reviewer: This implies that DpEditor can be easily extended using slots. This is not the case - `v-slot:modal` is still tightly coupled to the inner workings of the boilerplate feature. I'd suggest no not mention the slot functionality at all, at least before we have a fully working way of extending DpEditor.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/e6899199500bcb6290964231adf96b76dfe2a5b4
Sorry, wrong commit naming

Reviewer: i meant to not mention it at all.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/2fc10b706e8b427d0a2e8ff420e209799380f9b7
see hier, I added also missing props!

        imageButton: true,
        linkButton: true,
        strikethrough: true
    }"
    :value="value">
    <template v-slot:modal="modalProps">
        <dp-modal
          id="openModal"
          ref="openModal">
          <dp-tabs
              tab-size="medium"
              :active-id="activeTabId"
              use-url-fragment
              @change="setActiveTabId"> <!-- call a method -->
              <dp-tab
                id="idTab1"
                label="Tab Title 1">
                <slot>
                  Tab content 1.
                </slot>
              </dp-tab>
              <dp-tab
                id="idTab2"
                label="Tab Title 2">
                <slot>
                  Tab content 2.
                </slot>
              </dp-tab>
          </dp-tabs>
        </dp-modal>
    </template>
    <template v-slot:button>
        <button
            class="{{ 'menubar__button'|prefixClass }}"
            type="button"
            v-tooltip="'{{ 'boilerplate.insert'|trans }})'"
            @click.stop="$refs.boilerPlateModal.toggleModal()">
            <i class="{{ 'fa fa-puzzle-piece'|prefixClass }}"></i>
        </button>
    </template>

> </dp-editor>

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this be a separat tsx file?

Author: I think not. which one exactly?
I deleted v-slot:button !

Reviewer 2: I was thinking of a tsx-file with an example of a dpEditor-Configuration with a working image upload modal

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/e6411cdd2e790f2a79557ba2a01dbc0088eb0d9c

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/734df709a61a8d11da4b0fdbaa9df31b48906b0b

- defines a menubar with a number of buttons and an editor
- use this component without the inline-editing-wrapper TiptapEditText.vue if you want to add a text editor to a form element (as in new statement view)
- use this component with the inline-editing-wrapper TiptapEditText.vue if you want to save the text directly via inline-editing (as in assessment table)

To properly set the content we have to update this.currentValue and use editor.setContent() - both actions are needed!

> To use image upload we need to add imageButton Prop.

Reviewer 2: If You write that, You should metion all optional props.
And therefor we should better introduce a table or so

Reviewer 2: and we still don't have a example how it works with the usage of slots.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/428ca8f7b5f5e5120e633ef18f2d41ba67b8c8ac
added optional props in Custom usage.

> - the editor-content component needs a prop with editor instance to work correctly

Reviewer: These content above is tailored to the specific implementation within demosplan. I'd suggest to delete all of it.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/df50c169fd1b50ab220d9f778e973311f2f03123

To properly set the content we have to update this.currentValue and use editor.setContent() - both actions are needed!

> To use boilerplates we need to mount tiptap editor, where boilerplate modal is imported dynamically.

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/df50c169fd1b50ab220d9f778e973311f2f03123

> The boilerplates are stored in boilerplates vuex store, which is also registered dynamically if boilerplate prop is specified.

Reviewer 2: this is dplan specific. So it should not be mentioned here.
But maybe we can add a configuration where the slots are used. Something like the imageUpload modal ?

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/567/commits/df50c169fd1b50ab220d9f778e973311f2f03123
